Hello, everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI here!
Man~
When I look at everyone, what I really think is
Everyone is tired!
There are lots of tired people!
Well, if everyday
You see a beautiful girl like me
I’m sure you can be healed, but
But!
Not just the heart!
I want to heal your mind and body together!
That's right!
And with that
How about we do yoga!?
Is what I’m thinking
A beautiful girl...
Doing yoga...
With a beautiful girl...
This...
Is the best, right?
And with that
Though it’s been a while
Let’s give yoga a shot!
This time we’re gonna be trying some awesome poses, so...
Everyone
Follow me to the end!
A.I.Channel
Everyone, thank you for your hard work today
Together with me
Let’s be healed
The Tree Pose
[ Tree Pose ]
Stand on one foot
Raise the other foot
[ Tree Pose ]
And touch the sole to your thigh
Then...
Raise both hands above your head
And stare at a single point
Empty your heart
And breathe slowly with your abdomen
On the other side, too
The same as before
Touch the inside of your thigh
And then...
Raise both hands above your head
And while starting at a single point
Breathe with your abdomen
Continuing on
The Downward-Facing Dog
[ Downward-Facing Dog ]
First
Get on your hands and knees on the floor
[ Downward-Facing Dog ]
Lift your knees off the floor
And raise your butt
When you’re like this
Take your arms
And make a straight line with your back
Breathe slowly with your abdomen
Everyone
Did you make it this far?
Well then, it’s time for the last pose
Don’t forget to keep
A calm heart and remain
In a relaxed condition
The Standing Bow Pose
[ Standing Bow Pose ]
Take ahold of your foot with one hand
Take the other hand
[ Standing Bow Pose ]
And while breathing in
Raise it above you
Then...
While breathing out, lean forward
While like this...
Breathe with your abdomen
The point of this
Is to get your body parallel with the ground
It’s pretty tough, huh?
Let’s do our best!
AH!
Everyone!
Go for it!
Keep going!
As for abdominal breathing, only
Two more times!
Go for it!
You can do it!
Hwoooo...
Haaaaa…
Haaaaa...
[ You’re not doing yoga? ]
Eh?
Yeah, but I’m a lecturer?
[ You’re not doing yoga? ]
On the other side, in the same way
Take ahold of your foot
Stand on one leg
And while breathing in
Raise your arm above you
Then...
While breathing out
Lean forward
Keep your body and the floor
Parallel!
Abdominal breathing...
Ah, I think I can do it this time
How was that?
Well, I was perfectly composed, but...
You were able to
Follow along properly, right?
When you get tired of your everyday life
Please come watch this video!
Let’s be healed together!
Well then, this was Virtual Yoga Instructor Kizuna AI!
*We need more translators, JP to EN/ES*
Join our Discord for all AI-chan news!
https://discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by aerophage
Transcribed by tototo
Timed by aerophage, Loserbait